docs: update docs to include header-based sessions (#556)
supertokens/docs: v2/emailpassword/custom-ui/handling-session-tokens.mdx

We highly recommend using our frontend SDK to handle session token management. It will save you a lot of time.
:::

> 

Reviewer: Under each of the sections (For Web, For React-native, For Android, For iOS), add a note about if cookie or header (authorization bearer) based method is used.

By default our mobile SDKs use a bearer token in the Authorization header to provide credentials.
:::

> ### Getting the access token

Reviewer: Add to session recipe:
- With ui switcher and copy section

Add to session section in all other recipes (Same page as above, using copy docs)

<!-- COPY SECTION -->
<!-- ./thirdpartyemailpassword/pre-built-ui/handling-session-tokens.mdx -->
<!-- 2 -->

:::caution

> Our SDK handles adding the access token to request headers. Adding the access token to requests yourself may conflict with our auto-refresh feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our SDK automatically handles adding the access token to request headers. You only need to add the access token to the request if you want to send the access token to a different API domain than what is configured on the frontend SDK init function call.
```

```bash
curl --location --request POST '^{form_apiDomain}^{form_apiBasePath}/session/refresh' \
--header 'rid: session' \
--header 'Cookie: sRefreshToken=...'
```

:::note
You may also need to add the `anti-csrf` header to the request if that was provided to you during sign in.
:::

</AppInfoForm>

The result of a session refresh will be either:
- Status code `200`: This implies a succesful refresh. The set of tokens returned here will be the same as when the user logs in, so you can handle them in the same way.
- Status code `401`: This means that the refresh token is invalid, or has been revoked. You must ask the user to relogin. Remember to clear the `front-token` that you saved on the frontend earlier.

</Answer>

> <Answer title="Header">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Answer title="Header (Authorization Bearer)">
```

### On login

You should attach the `st-auth-mode` header to calls to the login API, but this header is safe to attach to all requests. In this case it should be set to "header".

The login API will return the following headers:

> - `st-access-token`: This contains the current access token associated with the session. You should save this in your application (e.g., in frontend cookies using `document.cookie`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `st-access-token`: This contains the current access token associated with the session. You should save this in your application (e.g., in frontend localstorage).
```

> - `st-refresh-token`: This contains the current refresh token associated with the session. You should save this in your application (e.g., in frontend cookies using `document.cookie`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `st-refresh-token`: This contains the current refresh token associated with the session. You should save this in your application (e.g., in frontend localstorage).
```

> - `st-refresh-token`: This contains the current refresh token associated with the session. You should save this in your application (e.g., in frontend cookies using `document.cookie`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `st-refresh-token`: This contains the current refresh token associated with the session. You should save this in your application (e.g., in frontend localstorage).
```

        uid: "....", // user ID
        up: {
            ...
        } // custom payload added to the access token by you on the backend
    }
    
    */
    ```

    This is added because while you have access to the access token, you may want to read its payload without decoding it (for example to know the user's role). This token itself is not signed and hence can't be used in place of the access token itself.

    You may want to save this token in localstorage or in frontend cookies (using `document.cookies`).
- `anti-csrf` header (optional): By default it's not required, so it's not sent. But if this is sent, you should save this token as well for use when making requests.

### Making network requests to protected APIs

You need to add the following headers to request:
- `authorization: Bearer {access-token}`
- `rid: "anti-csrf"` - this prevents against anti-CSRF requests. If your `apiDomain` and `websiteDomain` values are exactly the same, then this is not necessary.
- `anti-csrf` header (optional): If this was provided to you during login, then you need to add that token as the value of this header.

> - You need to set the `credentials` header to `true` or `include`. This is achieved different based on the library you are using to make requests.

Reviewer: these are all not required here right?
